Revise git config instructions (#160)
PennLINC/PennLINC.github.io: docs/cubic/cubic.md

1.  `git config --global user.name <username>`
2.  `git config --global user.email <email>`
3.  `git config --global credential.helper store`
    -   This will store the PAT in ~/.git-credentials.
        It's plain text, but not an issue since we only have one repo.

> 4.  `git clone https://github.com/PennLINC/affective-instability.git`

Reviewer: Good chance to make this generic.
```suggestion
4.  `git clone https://github.com/PennLINC/<repo>.git code`
    - This will clone the repository into a new folder named "code".
```
